[Fix] Update Testing Accuracy (#2117)
open-mmlab/mmaction2: configs/recognition/slowfast/README.md

```shell
python tools/train.py configs/recognition/slowfast/slowfast_r50_8xb8-4x16x1-256e_kinetics400-rgb.py \
    --seed=0 --deterministic
```

> For more details on data preparation, you can refer to [Kinetics400](/tools/data/kinetics/README.md).

Author: ```suggestion
For more details, you can refer to the **Training** part in the [Training and Test Tutorial](/docs/en/user_guides/4_train_test.md).
```
